The CEO account, of course, but it's not really appropriate to enter it here.
I mean, it's top secret password in this very public and anyone can see it and they might see it and log in and do something.
Oh, this picture is top-notch.
You can't just let some imposter come in here and overtake Admiral Entertainment.
What are you doing?
You dream of having a soup like this, boy?
Get the damn laptop room, bring it to my dear wife.
Come on, chop it, chop it, chop it.
Since you're so sure that I'm not the real Irene, how about a bet?
If I enter it correctly, then I get all of your shares in Admiral Entertainment.
If not, then you can get my shares and I'll back off.
I certainly have no objections.
No, no, no, no, no. It's much too high risk.
What if she were to enter it correctly?
We'd be ruined.
Don't you agree?
Because remember, I have eyes on your family at all times.
But you, you're number one.
We have a deal?
Hmm, here we go.
One password, access denied.